Definition														
	An LTR report is a reporting phrase at Spreetail. It stands for Left-to-Right reports. Typically, it is built by week, but it can also be built by month													
		An LTR reports on the UDEs + processes produces UDEs against the goal												
		An LTR report is a standard and consistent way for Spreetail team members to understand a specific business unit												
Building an LTR report														
	An LTR should follow the below framework													
		What goes in it												
			Every single UDE gets a line item on the LTR. The UDE should have the count of activities and work its way to the $ impact to the business (increase revenue, decrease cost, reduce risk)											
		How should it get structured - each LTR follows the below structure												
			Structure - The LTR should be for the T6W or T6M in the below format											
			Line Item Description - The title for the line item											
			Defintion - The definition of the line item so anyone can understand it											
			Owner - The business owner, ideally Sr. Dir+, who is the Single responsible party for that line item. You can also choose to add an Exec owner											
			Goal - The idea number for that line item											
				Not all line items need a goal. Some line items are there for context (in which case, there is no owner)										
				If a line item is an SLA%, then the goal should be either 95% or 98% (we want an "A" or an "A+")										
					SLA% goals are using the easiest to start with									
			Conditional Formating - The LTR should highlight cells that are either 10% above goal in green or 10% below goal in red											
														
Emailing an LTR Report														
	1. What I need from you: @ parties if you need direct action from someone. Otherwise, put nothing if no longer asked for feedback (nothing needed this week from the group)													
	2. Key Updates (Releases, Learnings, Insights): Highlight a MAXIMUM of 3 things. Focus on either releases/learnings over the prior week or key insights from the preceding week. Include $ impact where applicable													
	3. Exec LTR view: Show the Exec LTR view (this is the simplified view of the “key metrics)													
			a.Include conditional formatting on the LTR. Following the prescription, “green is favorable, red is unfavorable)													
	4. Roadmap & Next Step Updates (optional): Mention up to 3 roadmap items that are UP NEXT. Provide Date Clarity & Impact													
			a.(mention when the roadmap item should be released, what LTR line item it impacts, and the magnitude of the impact – hopefully, the magnitude is roughly known since we’re doing the work 😊 don’t spend material time here)													
	5. Detail Notes: Provide any detailed notes to support anything that is not top3													
	6. Detail LTR: Link the specific detailed LTRs that roll up to the main Exec LTR (title them differently if needed)													
	7. Deep Dives/Top5 review (optional): If applicable, include the top5 deep dives from the prior week and call out the main learnings													
	8. Files: Link all applicable files --- LTR data, roadmap file, deep dive daily tracker file (showing smaller non-roadmap items found from deep dives), operations playbook (if applicable)													
			a. Link as the file name													


What not to do														
	I won't put a Spreetail example here because it is insulting to someone (over time, I will find one of my examples before I was educated by someone else). However, it would look something like the below													
														
	Assume a gas company													
														
	Title													
	Gas Sales		$96,919 	$62,402 	$70,209 	$74,031 	$68,210 	$68,269 	$64,726 					
	Gas Barrels		97	62	70	74	68	68	65					
	# of employees		95	96	91	95	91	97	90					
	Sales/employee		$1,020 	$650 	$772 	$779 	$750 	$704 	$719 					
														
	Issues													
		I may not understand the line item without a defintion												
		I have no idea what the goal is												
			It is  weather reporting (today is 90 degrees…there is no "so what" factor)											
		I have no idea who owns the goal												
		There is no formatting, so even if there was a goal, I have to read everything to understand if I should care												
														
FAQ														
	I'm spending 5+ hours  producing LTRs on Monday. Is this section necessary?													
		Reporting out on the system is critical. The likely event is your system/tracking is overly manual (you need to automate record keeping or reporting)												
	What if I don't have data for all the UDEs? Do I still put it on the LTR?													
		No problem. Build the framework of the LTR and work to get the data overtime. You still want to capture the UDE, and writing it down with be a forcing function for you to figure out how to address it												
	There is a lot of data. I thought we were keeping things simple?													
		Operators need to know everything going on inside their business and track it.												
		They should create Exec portions of the LTR to simply it, and show their sophistication and mastery over an area, to be shared outside their department												
